#
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md 1.0\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2024-08-11 20:46+0900\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: YEAR-MO-DA HO:MI+ZONE\n"
"Last-Translator: FULL NAME <EMAIL@ADDRESS>\n"
"Language-Team: LANGUAGE <>\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:0
msgid "page"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:0
#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:13
msgid "QGIS User Meetings"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:0
msgid "4 June 2024"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:0
msgid "Tim Sutton"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:11
msgid "{{< content-start >}}"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:15
msgid ""
"{{< rich-box-start icon=\"💁\" layoutClass=\"tips\">}} {{< rich-content-start"
" themeClass=\"coloring-1\" >}}"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:17
msgid "Do you want to organize a new meeting?"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:18
msgid ""
"We organize events on the [QGIS "
"wiki](https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/wiki#qgis-hackfests)."
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:20
msgid ""
"**Annual User Conference:** We hold an annual user conference with talks and"
" presentations covering a broad range of topics that are presented by users,"
" showcasing how they use QGIS to solve their day to day analysis needs."
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:22
msgid ""
"**QGIS Open Day:** On the last Friday of every month we hold an informal "
"virtual meeting to engage with the awesome QGIS community. The agenda is "
"dependent on the community and encourages a culture of collaboration and "
"self-organisation - you can add topics that interest you on the event page, "
"or get in touch with the event organisers if you are interested in "
"facilitating a session. {{< rich-content-end >}} {{< rich-box-end >}}"
msgstr ""

#: content/community/organisation/meetings/user_meetings.md:27
msgid "{{< content-end >}}"
msgstr ""
